A collection of applications that were developed on the mini2440 embedded development board.

some of them are dummy projects so here is a list of the prominent project folder.
These projects are part of a linux pengutronix BSP on the mini2440.
they go into the local_src folder and can be included in ptxdist menuconfig directly.
contact wingston.sharon@gmail.com for any queries.

The SDL projects require SDL to be installed on the mini2440 as well as the include folders linked to from the build directory.
A list of these projects in no patricular order.

Cube : This project depicts a spinning 3D code on the mini2440 screen using SDL for rendering framebuffer graphics.
ledniru : This project opens the mini2440s onboard LEDs via a file writing protocol and writes a character to that file. When running this file if you give it the command line arguments as 1 or 0, you can switch on/off the first LED.
snow: This program is another example of the SDL framework and gives a cute animation of snow fallling slowly down from the screen.
slave: This is the C part of a webserver implementation that uses boa to control the mini2440's LEDs over the network.
ceme: this is a small C server socket server implementation.(only request handling)
tst: This is a sample kernel module that uses ioctl communications to set the mini2440's LEDs on/off.
ledtst: This is the accompanying userspace progam for the above kernel module that communicates to the module via ioctl calls.
sertest: This is a reimplementation of a serial protocol that works better in getting the mini2440 and and Arduino communicating.
setQT: This is a qt example that shows how to control the arduino's onboard LED from a GUI display on the mini2440. basic serial mode communication.
pwmtest: A test of the pwm buzzer on the mini2440
mysdl: a test application for setting up SDL and getting it to work on the mini2440.
myQTapp: a complete example testing qt application of a lot of the mini2440's functionality: ADC, timers, GUI componets etc..
myfirst: An application that tests the onboard keys on the mini2440 hardware.
ledswitch: This is a non blocking UI example that switches on LEDs as the mini2440 hardware buttons are pressed. 1st button toggles, 2nd button is press and hold and 3rd makes pretty blinking lights.
balaqt: this a TicTacToe program on the mini2440's LCD




